Now, let's look at our script file.
We will be editing this index.js file,
so remember in my folder starNotaryv2 going my app folder.
We already edited our index.html file.
Now, let's go make sure that we're editing yet again.
This is the boilerplate code that came along. Very simple.
I'm just going to delete all this stuff and add my own right there.
Very similar, just about the same,
just like we did in version one.
The first thing that we do is, of course,
we get the web3 library in case web3 is not injected into the browser by MetaMask,
then we're getting the contract module to initiate a new contract. This is what we need.
We're importing to these things,
and then we have an app object right there.
In this app has, of course,
methods like start that if you start initially when someone clicks
on the window and then we have a create star in a set status method.
Then, after all this, we're adding the object to the window object,
so that's the app object.
We attach this object to the window and then we add an event listener.
This is all that just came along with the boilerplate code, nothing added.
so, again, we're adding an event listener.
We're making sure that we're getting a web3.
If we're not getting a web3 injected via user on web3 version.
Again, all comes with the boilerplate code.
I did not touch this and recalling the app.start method.
This is where we are setting the provider.
Also, making sure that we have accounts available.
Of course, if no web3 is detected,
then we're using the web3 that comes along with truffle.
Of course, 9545 is the port number that we're going to run a Truffle development console.
Once we have web3 set up,
we call the app.start method just to recap everything again.
There's in the app.start method is where we are setting our provider.
Remember, provider is how a web3 talks to the blockchain.
Once you have the web3, we need to configure the provider,
and then we fetch the accounts to make sure we have available accounts to work what.
I'm going to give you this code under this video.
Of course, I like to use a single read syntax.
It makes the code very clean,
and we cannot use a single bit syntax inside the app object,
and that's the reason what I'm doing is that I'm just creating the methods here,
but I'm actually calling the functions with just similar.
You can use any names, but I'm just calling the functions.
This is where now, for example,
let's look at create star function.
If you look there's a create star function right there.
Now, I can use my async obeyed syntax in this tool.
Very similar to what we've already done and very, very similar.
The create star function, we're using
the getElementByID to get the value entered by the user.
User getElementByID to whatever.
Remember, we created labels there for these two and then we're giving it an ID.
In this case, we have an idea of star name and star ID.
So, whatever the user enters or getting that information we get element ID,
we're storing it in this,
and doing recalling the create star function with those two values from a counter.
Remember, the object that we passed,
and then we're setting the status to with the status label that we created.
Again, remember, we have a status label that we've created right there,
so we can just enter information.
So, once we create a star,
once we create index.js CM.
Once we create a star, we're just setting that value to that.
Again, remember, since this is a transaction,
so there is no.call.
Just kind of doing a recap with the create a star transactions that do not call.
Then, we just pass it from object
and that's pretty much it what a index.js would look like.
Now, everything though is set up.
In our next video, let's go run a local development console in one video.
Then, we're also going to run our front end and the other terminal window,
and everything would be all set.
Then, we will go look at our front page and see what adapt looks like.